it's this way it pointed to here okay
so it must be something in here yeah we
have to go with her
come on Oh
oh my god three people can't fit come on
one at a time
Hey looking for this you stole the
necklace no this is my own necklace gosh
then we have to find the real one oh
there was no real one what this was just
training to see if you guys were worthy
to work together or not but it turns out
you can work together
everyone here has made a friend and in a
way you're all friends maybe you started
out that you didn't like each other so
much because you were different or maybe
you were assigned a partner and you guys
worked well together
maybe you've liked someone all along and
you finally found that he likes you back
maybe you're a good enough friend that
you can be with everyone and lead
everyone to a good place but really you
guys all work together and you did a
great job I can't wait to see how you
are on some real missions it's gonna be
a fun year